point: an hour ago
(autosaved)
Current Kernel Logo
Python 3 
File
Edit
View
Insert
Cell
Kernel
Widgets
Help


#Dependencies
import pandas as pd
import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
import seaborn
from citipy import citipy
import random
import csv
import requests as req
import time
import numpy as np

api_key = "7bb4964424c64fe8ddd15329382d570d"

# Latitude and longitude zones based on geographic coordinate system 
lat_zone = np.arange(-90, 90, 10)
lon_zone = np.arange(-180, 180, 10)
​
# Create dataframe for storing data
cities_df = pd.DataFrame()
​
# Make columns in dataframe
cities_df["Latitude"] = ""
cities_df["Longitude"] = ""
cities_df["City"] = ""
cities_df["Country"] = ""
​
# Create 'for' loop to get latitude and longitude values
for coord_lat in lat_zone:
    
    for coord_lon in lon_zone:
        # Get list of latitude and longitude values (0.01 for value to 2 decimal places)
        lat = list(np.arange(coord_lat, coord_lat + 15, 0.01))
        lon = list(np.arange(coord_lon, coord_lon + 15, 0.01))
        
        # Random latitude and longitude values 
        random_lats = random.sample(lat, 50)
        random_lons = random.sample(lon, 50)
        
        # Sample of latitude and longitude values
        lat_samp = [coord_lat + lat for lat in random_lats]
        lon_samp = [coord_lon + lon for lon in random_lons]
        
        # Store values in dataframe created
        cities_df = cities_df.append(pd.DataFrame.from_dict({
            "Latitude": lat_samp, 
            "Longitude": lon_samp}))
​
cities_df = cities_df.reset_index(drop=True)
cities_df.head()
C:\Users\jhoff\Anaconda3.6\lib\site-packages\pandas\core\frame.py:6201: FutureWarning: Sorting because non-concatenation axis is not aligned. A future version
of pandas will change to not sort by default.

To accept the future behavior, pass 'sort=True'.

To retain the current behavior and silence the warning, pass sort=False

  sort=sort)
City	Country	Latitude	Longitude
0	NaN	NaN	-168.11	-349.38
1	NaN	NaN	-165.09	-357.71
2	NaN	NaN	-176.23	-354.29
3	NaN	NaN	-175.73	-345.92
4	NaN	NaN	-167.01	-351.10

# Use 'for' loop to locate the neareast city based on latitude and longitude stored in dataframe
for column, row in cities_df.iterrows():
    city = citipy.nearest_city(row["Latitude"], row["Longitude"])
    cities_df.set_value(column, "City", city.city_name)
    cities_df.set_value(column, "Country", city.country_code)
​
# Remove Latitude and Longitude columns to get city names and countries only
new_cities_df = cities_df.drop(["Latitude", "Longitude"], axis=1)
​
# Remove duplicate cities and keep unique cities and countries only
new_cities_df = new_cities_df.drop_duplicates()
new_cities_df.head()
C:\Users\jhoff\Anaconda3.6\lib\site-packages\ipykernel_launcher.py:4: FutureWarning: set_value is deprecated and will be removed in a future release. Please use .at[] or .iat[] accessors instead
  after removing the cwd from sys.path.
C:\Users\jhoff\Anaconda3.6\lib\site-packages\ipykernel_launcher.py:5: FutureWarning: set_value is deprecated and will be removed in a future release. Please use .at[] or .iat[] accessors instead
  """
City	Country
0	vaini	to
451	mataura	pf
500	punta arenas	cl
510	ushuaia	ar
900	bredasdorp	za

# Choose 500 random cities based on longitude and latitude
random_cities_df = new_cities_df.sample(500)
​
# Reset index
random_cities_df = random_cities_df.reset_index(drop=True)
random_cities_df.head()
City	Country
0	attawapiskat	ca
1	butaritari	ki
2	zhumadian	cn
3	groningen	sr
4	jibuti	dj

 url = "http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather"
​
params = {"appid": "2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45",
          "units": "metric"}
​
# Use 'for' loop to retrieve weather info by rows in dataframe
for column, row in random_cities_df.iterrows():
    
    # Reference rows for 'q' param
    params["q"] = f'{row["City"]}, {row["Country"]}'
    
    # Get and print links for each city
    print(f'Weather information for {params["q"]}')
    weather_response = req.get(url, params)
    print(weather_response.url)
    weather_response  = weather_response.json()
    
    # Get weather data and input into dataframe
    random_cities_df.set_value(column, "Latitude", weather_response.get("coord", {}).get("lat"))
    random_cities_df.set_value(column, "Longitude", weather_response.get("coord", {}).get("lon"))
    random_cities_df.set_value(column, "Temperature", weather_response.get("main", {}).get("temp_max"))
    random_cities_df.set_value(column, "Wind Speed", weather_response.get("wind", {}).get("speed"))
    random_cities_df.set_value(column, "Humidity", weather_response.get("main", {}).get("humidity"))
    random_cities_df.set_value(column, "Cloudiness", weather_response.get("clouds", {}).get("all"))
Weather information for attawapiskat, ca
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=attawapiskat%2C+ca
Weather information for butaritari, ki
C:\Users\jhoff\Anaconda3.6\lib\site-packages\ipykernel_launcher.py:20: FutureWarning: set_value is deprecated and will be removed in a future release. Please use .at[] or .iat[] accessors instead
C:\Users\jhoff\Anaconda3.6\lib\site-packages\ipykernel_launcher.py:21: FutureWarning: set_value is deprecated and will be removed in a future release. Please use .at[] or .iat[] accessors instead
C:\Users\jhoff\Anaconda3.6\lib\site-packages\ipykernel_launcher.py:22: FutureWarning: set_value is deprecated and will be removed in a future release. Please use .at[] or .iat[] accessors instead
C:\Users\jhoff\Anaconda3.6\lib\site-packages\ipykernel_launcher.py:23: FutureWarning: set_value is deprecated and will be removed in a future release. Please use .at[] or .iat[] accessors instead
C:\Users\jhoff\Anaconda3.6\lib\site-packages\ipykernel_launcher.py:24: FutureWarning: set_value is deprecated and will be removed in a future release. Please use .at[] or .iat[] accessors instead
C:\Users\jhoff\Anaconda3.6\lib\site-packages\ipykernel_launcher.py:25: FutureWarning: set_value is deprecated and will be removed in a future release. Please use .at[] or .iat[] accessors instead
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=butaritari%2C+ki
Weather information for zhumadian, cn
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=zhumadian%2C+cn
Weather information for groningen, sr
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=groningen%2C+sr
Weather information for jibuti, dj
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=jibuti%2C+dj
Weather information for qaanaaq, gl
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=qaanaaq%2C+gl
Weather information for contai, in
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=contai%2C+in
Weather information for kediri, id
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=kediri%2C+id
Weather information for aktau, kz
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=aktau%2C+kz
Weather information for saint-georges, gf
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=saint-georges%2C+gf
Weather information for mmabatho, za
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=mmabatho%2C+za
Weather information for katherine, au
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=katherine%2C+au
Weather information for kaitangata, nz
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=kaitangata%2C+nz
Weather information for bacuit, ph
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=bacuit%2C+ph
Weather information for copiapo, cl
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=copiapo%2C+cl
Weather information for wahiawa, us
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=wahiawa%2C+us
Weather information for vucje, rs
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=vucje%2C+rs
Weather information for muzhi, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=muzhi%2C+ru
Weather information for deogarh, in
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=deogarh%2C+in
Weather information for tsurib, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=tsurib%2C+ru
Weather information for kaputa, zm
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=kaputa%2C+zm
Weather information for paita, pe
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=paita%2C+pe
Weather information for bama, ng
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=bama%2C+ng
Weather information for victoria, sc
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=victoria%2C+sc
Weather information for dzhida, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=dzhida%2C+ru
Weather information for uri, in
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=uri%2C+in
Weather information for bad durkheim, de
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=bad+durkheim%2C+de
Weather information for nikolskiy, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=nikolskiy%2C+ru
Weather information for samarai, pg
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=samarai%2C+pg
Weather information for batemans bay, au
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=batemans+bay%2C+au
Weather information for roma, au
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=roma%2C+au
Weather information for santa maria, br
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=santa+maria%2C+br
Weather information for rock sound, bs
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=rock+sound%2C+bs
Weather information for gwadar, pk
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=gwadar%2C+pk
Weather information for tommot, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=tommot%2C+ru
Weather information for sunamganj, bd
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=sunamganj%2C+bd
Weather information for toledo, co
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=toledo%2C+co
Weather information for tondano, id
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=tondano%2C+id
Weather information for sao pedro do sul, br
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=sao+pedro+do+sul%2C+br
Weather information for ous, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=ous%2C+ru
Weather information for oltu, tr
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=oltu%2C+tr
Weather information for gilbues, br
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=gilbues%2C+br
Weather information for bayanday, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=bayanday%2C+ru
Weather information for leeuwarden, nl
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=leeuwarden%2C+nl
Weather information for alofi, nu
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=alofi%2C+nu
Weather information for belem de sao francisco, br
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=belem+de+sao+francisco%2C+br
Weather information for benguela, ao
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=benguela%2C+ao
Weather information for gisborne, nz
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=gisborne%2C+nz
Weather information for syracuse, us
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=syracuse%2C+us
Weather information for sidi qasim, ma
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=sidi+qasim%2C+ma
Weather information for lososina, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=lososina%2C+ru
Weather information for muravlenko, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=muravlenko%2C+ru
Weather information for kudahuvadhoo, mv
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=kudahuvadhoo%2C+mv
Weather information for port-cartier, ca
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=port-cartier%2C+ca
Weather information for chippewa falls, us
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=chippewa+falls%2C+us
Weather information for burica, pa
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=burica%2C+pa
Weather information for zuwarah, ly
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=zuwarah%2C+ly
Weather information for curuca, br
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=curuca%2C+br
Weather information for azimur, ma
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=azimur%2C+ma
Weather information for kununurra, au
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=kununurra%2C+au
Weather information for caiaponia, br
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=caiaponia%2C+br
Weather information for bryan, us
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=bryan%2C+us
Weather information for uruguaiana, br
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=uruguaiana%2C+br
Weather information for cookshire, ca
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=cookshire%2C+ca
Weather information for ha giang, vn
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=ha+giang%2C+vn
Weather information for rawlins, us
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=rawlins%2C+us
Weather information for andros town, bs
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=andros+town%2C+bs
Weather information for luganville, vu
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=luganville%2C+vu
Weather information for aketi, cd
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=aketi%2C+cd
Weather information for houston, ca
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=houston%2C+ca
Weather information for gilazi, az
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=gilazi%2C+az
Weather information for alakurtti, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=alakurtti%2C+ru
Weather information for kracheh, kh
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=kracheh%2C+kh
Weather information for johi, pk
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=johi%2C+pk
Weather information for corinto, ni
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=corinto%2C+ni
Weather information for la rioja, ar
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=la+rioja%2C+ar
Weather information for pella, us
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=pella%2C+us
Weather information for port arthur, us
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=port+arthur%2C+us
Weather information for tecoanapa, mx
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=tecoanapa%2C+mx
Weather information for zhanatas, kz
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=zhanatas%2C+kz
Weather information for littleton, us
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=littleton%2C+us
Weather information for nicoya, cr
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=nicoya%2C+cr
Weather information for santa isabel do rio negro, br
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=santa+isabel+do+rio+negro%2C+br
Weather information for xam nua, la
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=xam+nua%2C+la
Weather information for aleksandrov gay, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=aleksandrov+gay%2C+ru
Weather information for hegang, cn
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=hegang%2C+cn
Weather information for benoni, za
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=benoni%2C+za
Weather information for darhan, mn
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=darhan%2C+mn
Weather information for manuk mangkaw, ph
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=manuk+mangkaw%2C+ph
Weather information for ilheus, br
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=ilheus%2C+br
Weather information for mahebourg, mu
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=mahebourg%2C+mu
Weather information for lalomanu, ws
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=lalomanu%2C+ws
Weather information for xichang, cn
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=xichang%2C+cn
Weather information for ocos, gt
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=ocos%2C+gt
Weather information for whitehorse, ca
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=whitehorse%2C+ca
Weather information for touros, br
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=touros%2C+br
Weather information for bar harbor, us
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=bar+harbor%2C+us
Weather information for barentsburg, sj
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=barentsburg%2C+sj
Weather information for ingham, au
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=ingham%2C+au
Weather information for cape town, za
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=cape+town%2C+za
Weather information for gornopravdinsk, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=gornopravdinsk%2C+ru
Weather information for mount gambier, au
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=mount+gambier%2C+au
Weather information for russell, nz
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=russell%2C+nz
Weather information for nardaran, az
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=nardaran%2C+az
Weather information for vanimo, pg
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=vanimo%2C+pg
Weather information for gijon, es
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=gijon%2C+es
Weather information for garoua, cm
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=garoua%2C+cm
Weather information for halalo, wf
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=halalo%2C+wf
Weather information for kirovsk, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=kirovsk%2C+ru
Weather information for new norfolk, au
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=new+norfolk%2C+au
Weather information for marawi, sd
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=marawi%2C+sd
Weather information for eirunepe, br
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=eirunepe%2C+br
Weather information for atherton, au
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=atherton%2C+au
Weather information for fomboni, km
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=fomboni%2C+km
Weather information for kholtoson, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=kholtoson%2C+ru
Weather information for uniao da victoria, br
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=uniao+da+victoria%2C+br
Weather information for ouallam, ne
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=ouallam%2C+ne
Weather information for kimbe, pg
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=kimbe%2C+pg
Weather information for hanzhong, cn
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=hanzhong%2C+cn
Weather information for bathsheba, bb
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=bathsheba%2C+bb
Weather information for lakeville, us
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=lakeville%2C+us
Weather information for kommunisticheskiy, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=kommunisticheskiy%2C+ru
Weather information for ardistan, ir
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=ardistan%2C+ir
Weather information for telica, ni
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=telica%2C+ni
Weather information for banepa, np
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=banepa%2C+np
Weather information for san quintin, mx
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=san+quintin%2C+mx
Weather information for malaryta, by
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=malaryta%2C+by
Weather information for owo, ng
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=owo%2C+ng
Weather information for makakilo city, us
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=makakilo+city%2C+us
Weather information for kapit, my
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=kapit%2C+my
Weather information for nieuw amsterdam, sr
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=nieuw+amsterdam%2C+sr
Weather information for hede, cn
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=hede%2C+cn
Weather information for fort walton beach, us
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=fort+walton+beach%2C+us
Weather information for lulea, se
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=lulea%2C+se
Weather information for szczecin, pl
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=szczecin%2C+pl
Weather information for kattivakkam, in
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=kattivakkam%2C+in
Weather information for mutsamudu, km
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=mutsamudu%2C+km
Weather information for kurchum, kz
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=kurchum%2C+kz
Weather information for labytnangi, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=labytnangi%2C+ru
Weather information for coruripe, br
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=coruripe%2C+br
Weather information for sosua, do
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=sosua%2C+do
Weather information for paralimni, cy
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=paralimni%2C+cy
Weather information for norman wells, ca
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=norman+wells%2C+ca
Weather information for hermiston, us
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=hermiston%2C+us
Weather information for faya, td
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=faya%2C+td
Weather information for belovo, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=belovo%2C+ru
Weather information for itapirapua, br
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=itapirapua%2C+br
Weather information for yarada, in
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=yarada%2C+in
Weather information for atyrau, kz
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=atyrau%2C+kz
Weather information for satitoa, ws
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=satitoa%2C+ws
Weather information for oksfjord, no
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=oksfjord%2C+no
Weather information for linxia, cn
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=linxia%2C+cn
Weather information for pacific grove, us
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=pacific+grove%2C+us
Weather information for bay roberts, ca
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=bay+roberts%2C+ca
Weather information for mundo nuevo, mx
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=mundo+nuevo%2C+mx
Weather information for mainburg, de
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=mainburg%2C+de
Weather information for juifang, tw
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=juifang%2C+tw
Weather information for uyemskiy, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=uyemskiy%2C+ru
Weather information for dnestrovsc, md
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=dnestrovsc%2C+md
Weather information for jucurutu, br
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=jucurutu%2C+br
Weather information for tripoli, ly
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=tripoli%2C+ly
Weather information for eyl, so
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=eyl%2C+so
Weather information for arraial do cabo, br
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=arraial+do+cabo%2C+br
Weather information for marsa matruh, eg
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=marsa+matruh%2C+eg
Weather information for trenggalek, id
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=trenggalek%2C+id
Weather information for plouzane, fr
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=plouzane%2C+fr
Weather information for togur, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=togur%2C+ru
Weather information for chernyshevskiy, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=chernyshevskiy%2C+ru
Weather information for yenagoa, ng
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=yenagoa%2C+ng
Weather information for longyearbyen, sj
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=longyearbyen%2C+sj
Weather information for sedkyrkeshch, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=sedkyrkeshch%2C+ru
Weather information for de aar, za
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=de+aar%2C+za
Weather information for verkhnetulomskiy, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=verkhnetulomskiy%2C+ru
Weather information for george, za
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=george%2C+za
Weather information for enshi, cn
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=enshi%2C+cn
Weather information for brownwood, us
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=brownwood%2C+us
Weather information for sumbe, ao
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=sumbe%2C+ao
Weather information for abu dhabi, ae
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=abu+dhabi%2C+ae
Weather information for kurush, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=kurush%2C+ru
Weather information for piacabucu, br
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=piacabucu%2C+br
Weather information for codrington, ag
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=codrington%2C+ag
Weather information for humboldt, ca
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=humboldt%2C+ca
Weather information for jinchengjiang, cn
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=jinchengjiang%2C+cn
Weather information for revda, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=revda%2C+ru
Weather information for tautira, pf
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=tautira%2C+pf
Weather information for senador pompeu, br
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=senador+pompeu%2C+br
Weather information for nemuro, jp
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=nemuro%2C+jp
Weather information for mitchell, us
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=mitchell%2C+us
Weather information for yuncheng, cn
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=yuncheng%2C+cn
Weather information for nisia floresta, br
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=nisia+floresta%2C+br
Weather information for skibbereen, ie
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=skibbereen%2C+ie
Weather information for saint andrews, ca
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=saint+andrews%2C+ca
Weather information for the valley, ai
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=the+valley%2C+ai
Weather information for fuyu, cn
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=fuyu%2C+cn
Weather information for yibin, cn
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=yibin%2C+cn
Weather information for mubende, ug
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=mubende%2C+ug
Weather information for muisne, ec
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=muisne%2C+ec
Weather information for kemijarvi, fi
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=kemijarvi%2C+fi
Weather information for gamba, ga
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=gamba%2C+ga
Weather information for madimba, tz
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=madimba%2C+tz
Weather information for lorengau, pg
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=lorengau%2C+pg
Weather information for delmas, za
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=delmas%2C+za
Weather information for hohhot, cn
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=hohhot%2C+cn
Weather information for la grande, us
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=la+grande%2C+us
Weather information for tambopata, pe
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=tambopata%2C+pe
Weather information for pitea, se
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=pitea%2C+se
Weather information for provideniya, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=provideniya%2C+ru
Weather information for iqaluit, ca
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=iqaluit%2C+ca
Weather information for leningradskiy, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=leningradskiy%2C+ru
Weather information for bambanglipuro, id
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=bambanglipuro%2C+id
Weather information for lincoln, nz
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=lincoln%2C+nz
Weather information for ancud, cl
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=ancud%2C+cl
Weather information for honningsvag, no
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=honningsvag%2C+no
Weather information for larsnes, no
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=larsnes%2C+no
Weather information for briceno, co
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=briceno%2C+co
Weather information for resavica, rs
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=resavica%2C+rs
Weather information for khonsar, ir
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=khonsar%2C+ir
Weather information for stolin, by
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=stolin%2C+by
Weather information for pierre, us
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=pierre%2C+us
Weather information for mendi, pg
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=mendi%2C+pg
Weather information for kulhudhuffushi, mv
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=kulhudhuffushi%2C+mv
Weather information for san jeronimo, mx
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=san+jeronimo%2C+mx
Weather information for millinocket, us
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=millinocket%2C+us
Weather information for arlit, ne
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=arlit%2C+ne
Weather information for dingle, ie
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=dingle%2C+ie
Weather information for mooi river, za
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=mooi+river%2C+za
Weather information for huancabamba, pe
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=huancabamba%2C+pe
Weather information for tibati, cm
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=tibati%2C+cm
Weather information for sai buri, th
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=sai+buri%2C+th
Weather information for thaba nchu, za
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=thaba+nchu%2C+za
Weather information for uwayl, sd
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=uwayl%2C+sd
Weather information for ust-nera, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=ust-nera%2C+ru
Weather information for salinopolis, br
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=salinopolis%2C+br
Weather information for kruisfontein, za
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=kruisfontein%2C+za
Weather information for tindwari, in
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=tindwari%2C+in
Weather information for miquelon, pm
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=miquelon%2C+pm
Weather information for buritis, br
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=buritis%2C+br
Weather information for dikson, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=dikson%2C+ru
Weather information for guozhen, cn
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=guozhen%2C+cn
Weather information for atuona, pf
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=atuona%2C+pf
Weather information for inirida, co
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=inirida%2C+co
Weather information for sibu, my
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=sibu%2C+my
Weather information for griffith, au
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=griffith%2C+au
Weather information for cabedelo, br
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=cabedelo%2C+br
Weather information for okato, nz
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=okato%2C+nz
Weather information for chupa, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=chupa%2C+ru
Weather information for mataura, pf
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=mataura%2C+pf
Weather information for margate, za
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=margate%2C+za
Weather information for haines junction, ca
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=haines+junction%2C+ca
Weather information for abeche, td
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=abeche%2C+td
Weather information for suluq, ly
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=suluq%2C+ly
Weather information for adre, td
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=adre%2C+td
Weather information for nome, us
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=nome%2C+us
Weather information for poya, nc
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=poya%2C+nc
Weather information for ushuaia, ar
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=ushuaia%2C+ar
Weather information for luang prabang, la
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=luang+prabang%2C+la
Weather information for kohlu, pk
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=kohlu%2C+pk
Weather information for poyarkovo, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=poyarkovo%2C+ru
Weather information for airai, pw
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=airai%2C+pw
Weather information for malpe, in
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=malpe%2C+in
Weather information for anloga, gh
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=anloga%2C+gh
Weather information for cairns, au
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=cairns%2C+au
Weather information for acari, pe
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=acari%2C+pe
Weather information for mgandu, tz
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=mgandu%2C+tz
Weather information for morondava, mg
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=morondava%2C+mg
Weather information for semirom, ir
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=semirom%2C+ir
Weather information for acajutla, sv
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=acajutla%2C+sv
Weather information for geraldton, ca
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=geraldton%2C+ca
Weather information for nalut, ly
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=nalut%2C+ly
Weather information for kalianget, id
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=kalianget%2C+id
Weather information for kapoeta, sd
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=kapoeta%2C+sd
Weather information for destin, us
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=destin%2C+us
Weather information for mogadishu, so
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=mogadishu%2C+so
Weather information for okaihau, nz
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=okaihau%2C+nz
Weather information for kharovsk, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=kharovsk%2C+ru
Weather information for plettenberg bay, za
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=plettenberg+bay%2C+za
Weather information for tula, mx
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=tula%2C+mx
Weather information for revelstoke, ca
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=revelstoke%2C+ca
Weather information for donskoy, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=donskoy%2C+ru
Weather information for port alfred, za
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=port+alfred%2C+za
Weather information for balsas, br
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=balsas%2C+br
Weather information for porto santo, pt
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=porto+santo%2C+pt
Weather information for ebensee, at
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=ebensee%2C+at
Weather information for gazojak, tm
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=gazojak%2C+tm
Weather information for kirakira, sb
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=kirakira%2C+sb
Weather information for puerto rico, co
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=puerto+rico%2C+co
Weather information for acheng, cn
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=acheng%2C+cn
Weather information for cove, bj
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=cove%2C+bj
Weather information for kumluca, tr
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=kumluca%2C+tr
Weather information for anar darreh, af
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=anar+darreh%2C+af
Weather information for robertsganj, in
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=robertsganj%2C+in
Weather information for murdochville, ca
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=murdochville%2C+ca
Weather information for louisbourg, ca
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=louisbourg%2C+ca
Weather information for pangai, to
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=pangai%2C+to
Weather information for sri aman, my
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=sri+aman%2C+my
Weather information for ugoofaaru, mv
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=ugoofaaru%2C+mv
Weather information for doume, cm
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=doume%2C+cm
Weather information for general roca, ar
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=general+roca%2C+ar
Weather information for uige, ao
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=uige%2C+ao
Weather information for sarlat-la-caneda, fr
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=sarlat-la-caneda%2C+fr
Weather information for zhezkazgan, kz
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=zhezkazgan%2C+kz
Weather information for portland, au
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=portland%2C+au
Weather information for buqayq, sa
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=buqayq%2C+sa
Weather information for urdzhar, kz
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=urdzhar%2C+kz
Weather information for tuatapere, nz
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=tuatapere%2C+nz
Weather information for deer lake, ca
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=deer+lake%2C+ca
Weather information for baruun-urt, mn
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=baruun-urt%2C+mn
Weather information for leshukonskoye, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=leshukonskoye%2C+ru
Weather information for matay, eg
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=matay%2C+eg
Weather information for cocobeach, ga
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=cocobeach%2C+ga
Weather information for segezha, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=segezha%2C+ru
Weather information for zalantun, cn
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=zalantun%2C+cn
Weather information for necochea, ar
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=necochea%2C+ar
Weather information for colonia, uy
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=colonia%2C+uy
Weather information for leh, in
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=leh%2C+in
Weather information for olinda, br
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=olinda%2C+br
Weather information for riberalta, bo
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=riberalta%2C+bo
Weather information for dakar, sn
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=dakar%2C+sn
Weather information for mazamari, pe
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=mazamari%2C+pe
Weather information for chambas, cu
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=chambas%2C+cu
Weather information for binanwanaan, ph
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=binanwanaan%2C+ph
Weather information for rosarito, mx
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=rosarito%2C+mx
Weather information for mys shmidta, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=mys+shmidta%2C+ru
Weather information for tual, id
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=tual%2C+id
Weather information for ouadda, cf
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=ouadda%2C+cf
Weather information for numi, py
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=numi%2C+py
Weather information for morgan city, us
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=morgan+city%2C+us
Weather information for tungor, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=tungor%2C+ru
Weather information for mount isa, au
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=mount+isa%2C+au
Weather information for dzhusaly, kz
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=dzhusaly%2C+kz
Weather information for yermakovskoye, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=yermakovskoye%2C+ru
Weather information for bosaso, so
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=bosaso%2C+so
Weather information for conceicao do araguaia, br
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=conceicao+do+araguaia%2C+br
Weather information for denpasar, id
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=denpasar%2C+id
Weather information for jumla, np
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=jumla%2C+np
Weather information for samusu, ws
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=samusu%2C+ws
Weather information for chapais, ca
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=chapais%2C+ca
Weather information for ivdel, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=ivdel%2C+ru
Weather information for quebo, gw
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=quebo%2C+gw
Weather information for kemi, fi
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=kemi%2C+fi
Weather information for pichayevo, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=pichayevo%2C+ru
Weather information for amderma, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=amderma%2C+ru
Weather information for rocha, uy
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=rocha%2C+uy
Weather information for mackay, au
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=mackay%2C+au
Weather information for mehamn, no
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=mehamn%2C+no
Weather information for tiarei, pf
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=tiarei%2C+pf
Weather information for el balyana, eg
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=el+balyana%2C+eg
Weather information for vaitape, pf
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=vaitape%2C+pf
Weather information for pontes e lacerda, br
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=pontes+e+lacerda%2C+br
Weather information for mae sai, th
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=mae+sai%2C+th
Weather information for copperas cove, us
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=copperas+cove%2C+us
Weather information for koboldo, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=koboldo%2C+ru
Weather information for ayolas, py
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=ayolas%2C+py
Weather information for nankana sahib, pk
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=nankana+sahib%2C+pk
Weather information for newport beach, us
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=newport+beach%2C+us
Weather information for kastamonu, tr
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=kastamonu%2C+tr
Weather information for angoche, mz
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=angoche%2C+mz
Weather information for tevaitoa, pf
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=tevaitoa%2C+pf
Weather information for mazatlan, mx
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=mazatlan%2C+mx
Weather information for skalistyy, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=skalistyy%2C+ru
Weather information for cap malheureux, mu
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=cap+malheureux%2C+mu
Weather information for gurupi, br
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=gurupi%2C+br
Weather information for salisbury, ca
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=salisbury%2C+ca
Weather information for road town, vg
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=road+town%2C+vg
Weather information for nishihara, jp
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=nishihara%2C+jp
Weather information for kurdzhinovo, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=kurdzhinovo%2C+ru
Weather information for tiruvottiyur, in
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=tiruvottiyur%2C+in
Weather information for fort dodge, us
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=fort+dodge%2C+us
Weather information for lahaina, us
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=lahaina%2C+us
Weather information for gangarampur, in
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=gangarampur%2C+in
Weather information for grande prairie, ca
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=grande+prairie%2C+ca
Weather information for ahuimanu, us
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=ahuimanu%2C+us
Weather information for kanturk, ie
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=kanturk%2C+ie
Weather information for aksha, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=aksha%2C+ru
Weather information for panguipulli, cl
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=panguipulli%2C+cl
Weather information for kuruman, za
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=kuruman%2C+za
Weather information for luderitz, na
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=luderitz%2C+na
Weather information for mutata, co
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=mutata%2C+co
Weather information for boca do acre, br
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=boca+do+acre%2C+br
Weather information for fare, pf
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=fare%2C+pf
Weather information for walvis bay, na
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=walvis+bay%2C+na
Weather information for saldanha, za
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=saldanha%2C+za
Weather information for turbat, pk
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=turbat%2C+pk
Weather information for naugarzan, tj
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=naugarzan%2C+tj
Weather information for coihueco, cl
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=coihueco%2C+cl
Weather information for palmer, us
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=palmer%2C+us
Weather information for khonuu, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=khonuu%2C+ru
Weather information for zavoronezhskoye, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=zavoronezhskoye%2C+ru
Weather information for komsomolskiy, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=komsomolskiy%2C+ru
Weather information for luangwa, zm
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=luangwa%2C+zm
Weather information for ambulu, id
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=ambulu%2C+id
Weather information for xiongzhou, cn
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=xiongzhou%2C+cn
Weather information for porto walter, br
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=porto+walter%2C+br
Weather information for madinat sittah uktubar, eg
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=madinat+sittah+uktubar%2C+eg
Weather information for tera, ne
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=tera%2C+ne
Weather information for deputatskiy, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=deputatskiy%2C+ru
Weather information for yegros, py
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=yegros%2C+py
Weather information for urusha, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=urusha%2C+ru
Weather information for santiago de cao, pe
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=santiago+de+cao%2C+pe
Weather information for bednodemyanovsk, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=bednodemyanovsk%2C+ru
Weather information for acapulco, mx
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=acapulco%2C+mx
Weather information for ballina, ie
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=ballina%2C+ie
Weather information for salym, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=salym%2C+ru
Weather information for chegdomyn, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=chegdomyn%2C+ru
Weather information for andenes, no
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=andenes%2C+no
Weather information for ouargaye, bf
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=ouargaye%2C+bf
Weather information for shahr-e babak, ir
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=shahr-e+babak%2C+ir
Weather information for devils lake, us
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=devils+lake%2C+us
Weather information for tornio, fi
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=tornio%2C+fi
Weather information for letka, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=letka%2C+ru
Weather information for zarubino, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=zarubino%2C+ru
Weather information for primorsk, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=primorsk%2C+ru
Weather information for amapa, br
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=amapa%2C+br
Weather information for heihe, cn
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=heihe%2C+cn
Weather information for lethem, gy
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=lethem%2C+gy
Weather information for karaul, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=karaul%2C+ru
Weather information for babanusah, sd
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=babanusah%2C+sd
Weather information for kitgum, ug
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=kitgum%2C+ug
Weather information for khanpur, pk
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=khanpur%2C+pk
Weather information for abastumani, ge
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=abastumani%2C+ge
Weather information for qianan, cn
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=qianan%2C+cn
Weather information for westport, ie
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=westport%2C+ie
Weather information for marquette, us
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=marquette%2C+us
Weather information for jibou, ro
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=jibou%2C+ro
Weather information for jalu, ly
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=jalu%2C+ly
Weather information for guerrero negro, mx
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=guerrero+negro%2C+mx
Weather information for severnyy, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=severnyy%2C+ru
Weather information for butwal, np
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=butwal%2C+np
Weather information for nantucket, us
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=nantucket%2C+us
Weather information for narsaq, gl
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=narsaq%2C+gl
Weather information for puerto ayora, ec
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=puerto+ayora%2C+ec
Weather information for christiana, za
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=christiana%2C+za
Weather information for lensk, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=lensk%2C+ru
Weather information for marovoay, mg
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=marovoay%2C+mg
Weather information for voyvozh, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=voyvozh%2C+ru
Weather information for sabak, my
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=sabak%2C+my
Weather information for sechura, pe
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=sechura%2C+pe
Weather information for hay river, ca
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=hay+river%2C+ca
Weather information for genhe, cn
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=genhe%2C+cn
Weather information for mozarlandia, br
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=mozarlandia%2C+br
Weather information for pilar, ph
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=pilar%2C+ph
Weather information for kazanka, ua
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=kazanka%2C+ua
Weather information for stamsund, no
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=stamsund%2C+no
Weather information for itoman, jp
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=itoman%2C+jp
Weather information for olbia, it
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=olbia%2C+it
Weather information for pervoavgustovskiy, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=pervoavgustovskiy%2C+ru
Weather information for alghero, it
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=alghero%2C+it
Weather information for petauke, zm
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=petauke%2C+zm
Weather information for trinidad, bo
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=trinidad%2C+bo
Weather information for port lincoln, au
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=port+lincoln%2C+au
Weather information for yar-sale, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=yar-sale%2C+ru
Weather information for huanren, cn
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=huanren%2C+cn
Weather information for puerto carreno, co
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=puerto+carreno%2C+co
Weather information for bargal, so
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=bargal%2C+so
Weather information for kargasok, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=kargasok%2C+ru
Weather information for toamasina, mg
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=toamasina%2C+mg
Weather information for sabha, ly
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=sabha%2C+ly
Weather information for bonfim, br
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=bonfim%2C+br
Weather information for baykit, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=baykit%2C+ru
Weather information for nienburg, de
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=nienburg%2C+de
Weather information for dalbandin, pk
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=dalbandin%2C+pk
Weather information for dunedin, nz
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=dunedin%2C+nz
Weather information for samdari, in
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=samdari%2C+in
Weather information for ternate, id
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=ternate%2C+id
Weather information for yokadouma, cm
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=yokadouma%2C+cm
Weather information for san ramon, pe
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=san+ramon%2C+pe
Weather information for khuzhir, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=khuzhir%2C+ru
Weather information for graaff-reinet, za
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=graaff-reinet%2C+za
Weather information for hami, cn
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=hami%2C+cn
Weather information for port hedland, au
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=port+hedland%2C+au
Weather information for kusk, af
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=kusk%2C+af
Weather information for mutoko, zw
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=mutoko%2C+zw
Weather information for pontiac, us
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=pontiac%2C+us
Weather information for puerto ayacucho, ve
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=puerto+ayacucho%2C+ve
Weather information for apache junction, us
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=apache+junction%2C+us
Weather information for santa isabel, mx
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=santa+isabel%2C+mx
Weather information for imeni telmana, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=imeni+telmana%2C+ru
Weather information for ampanihy, mg
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=ampanihy%2C+mg
Weather information for nanortalik, gl
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=nanortalik%2C+gl
Weather information for san carlos, uy
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=san+carlos%2C+uy
Weather information for edson, ca
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=edson%2C+ca
Weather information for tessalit, ml
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=tessalit%2C+ml
Weather information for inuvik, ca
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=inuvik%2C+ca
Weather information for lidice, pa
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=lidice%2C+pa
Weather information for traralgon, au
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=traralgon%2C+au
Weather information for zheleznodorozhnyy, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=zheleznodorozhnyy%2C+ru
Weather information for champerico, gt
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=champerico%2C+gt
Weather information for khash, ir
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=khash%2C+ir
Weather information for anadyr, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=anadyr%2C+ru
Weather information for danielskuil, za
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=danielskuil%2C+za
Weather information for atasu, kz
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=atasu%2C+kz
Weather information for teluknaga, id
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=teluknaga%2C+id
Weather information for kavieng, pg
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=kavieng%2C+pg
Weather information for adrar, dz
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=adrar%2C+dz
Weather information for saint-gaudens, fr
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=saint-gaudens%2C+fr
Weather information for chikoy, ru
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=chikoy%2C+ru
Weather information for shiraz, ir
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=shiraz%2C+ir
Weather information for micheweni, tz
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=micheweni%2C+tz
Weather information for aflu, dz
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=aflu%2C+dz
Weather information for nidau, ch
http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/weather?appid=2ec88724f3fad131ccffe1dfb2efab45&units=metric&q=nidau%2C+ch

# Display dataframe with all info
random_cities_df
​
# Remove cities with no data available
new_random_cities_df = random_cities_df.dropna()
new_random_cities_df.head()
City	Country	Latitude	Longitude	Temperature	Wind Speed	Humidity	Cloudiness
1	butaritari	ki	3.07	172.79	27.75	4.56	100.0	36.0
2	zhumadian	cn	33.01	114.02	24.95	2.36	99.0	92.0
3	groningen	sr	5.79	-55.48	28.00	2.10	78.0	20.0
5	qaanaaq	gl	77.48	-69.36	0.40	1.81	95.0	76.0
6	contai	in	21.78	87.75	26.60	3.36	100.0	88.0

# Save dataframe to csv file
new_random_cities_df.to_csv("WeatherInfo.csv")

TempVsLat
#Temperature (F) vs. Latitude
temp_vs_lat = new_random_cities_df.plot(kind="scatter",
                                        x="Latitude",
                                        y="Temperature",
                                        color="blue",
                                        edgecolor="black",
                                        grid=True)
plt.title("Latitude of City vs Temperature 07/07/2018")
plt.xlabel("Latitude")
plt.ylabel("Temperature (F)")
plt.savefig("TempVsLat.png")
plt.show()


/07/2018
#Humidity vs. Latitude
humidity_vs_lat = new_random_cities_df.plot(kind="scatter",
                                         x="Latitude",
                                         y="Humidity",
                                         color="blue",
                                         edgecolor="black",
                                         grid=True)
plt.title("Latitude of City vs Humidity 07/07/2018")
plt.xlabel("Latitude")
plt.ylabel("Humidity (%)")
plt.savefig("HumidityVsLat.png")
plt.show()


 07/07/2018
#Cloudiness vs. Latitude
cloud_vs_lat = new_random_cities_df.plot(kind="scatter",
                                         x="Latitude",
                                         y="Cloudiness",
                                         color="blue",
                                         edgecolor="black",
                                         grid=True)
plt.title("Latitude of City vs Cloudiness 07/07/2018")
plt.xlabel("Latitude")
plt.ylabel("Cloudiness (%)")
plt.ylim(-20, 120)
plt.savefig("CloudinessVsLat.png")
plt.show()


 07/07/2018
#Wind Speed (mph) vs. Latitude
windspeed_vs_lat = new_random_cities_df.plot(kind="scatter",
                                         x="Latitude",
                                         y="Wind Speed",
                                         color="blue",
                                         edgecolor="black",
                                         grid=True)
plt.title("Latitude of City vs Wind Speed 07/07/2018")
plt.xlabel("Latitude")
plt.ylabel("Wind Speed (mph)")
plt.ylim(-2, 14)
plt.savefig("WindSpeedVsLat.png")
plt.show()
